_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "Xinyi Ye's Website"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hi! I'm Xinyi, a graduate student researching Chinese art & archaeology.

About
======
I am a graduate student at the Department of East Asian Languages & Civilizations, University of Pennsylvania. I received my BA with First Class Honors from The University of Hong Kong, where I double majored in art history and music and minored in French. 

My current research interest is the art and archaeology of China and its frontiers. I have broad interests in global cultural heritage protection work, especially in music and regional opera.


Research Areas
======
I am interested in interdisciplinary and transregional research of Chinese art. Here are some topics that interest me:

- Buddhist sites in China and Inner Asia
- History of collecting Chinese art
- Folk music/ethnomusicology of East Asia
- Cultural heritage site protection and tourism
- Digital humanities

I am also interested in exploring unconventional/multimedia publication forms for academic research.

Contact
------
I can be reached via email at xinyiye@sas.upenn.edu or yexinyixy@gmail.com.

I believe that free open access to information helps create equality in the world. Please do not hesitate to reach out!

Commit message:

Update name pronunciation at about.md

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "Xinyi Ye's Website"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hi! I'm Xinyi, a graduate student researching Chinese art & archaeology.

About
======
I am a graduate student at the Department of East Asian Languages & Civilizations, University of Pennsylvania. I received my BA with First Class Honors from The University of Hong Kong, where I double majored in art history and music and minored in French. 

You can pronounce my name as: 【shin-yee yeh】

Research Areas
======
My current research interest is the art and archaeology of China and its frontiers. I have broad interests in opera and cultural heritage preservation.

Here are some topics that interest me:
- Buddhist sites in China and Inner Asia
- History of collecting Chinese art
- Folk music/ethnomusicology of East Asia
- Cultural heritage site protection and tourism
- Digital humanities

I am also interested in exploring unconventional/multimedia publication forms for academic research.

Contact
------
I can be reached via email at xinyiye@sas.upenn.edu or yexinyixy@gmail.com.

I believe that free open access to information helps create equality in the world. Please do not hesitate to reach out!
