_pages/journalism.md, before:

---
layout: archive
title: "Journalism Work"
permalink: /journalism/
author_profile: true

---

{% include base_path %}

## Journalism Articles

### 2023

- [Nine Must-See Art Exhibitions to Catch in Philadelphia This Spring](https://observer.com/2025/05/must-see-art-exhibitions-philadelphia-spring-2025/)  
  Publication: Observer, May 14, 2025<br>  
  With Assyrian artifacts, contemporary Chinese art, controversy-inciting works by Cézanne and more, these standout shows channel the city’s rich, cross-cultural art scene.
  
- Title: [Article Title 2](https://example.com)  
  Publication: Publication Name  
  Date: Month Day, Year  
  Summary: A brief summary of another article.

- Title: [Skepticism and Asian Voices in Art: An Interview With Ken Lum](https://observer.com/2025/02/arts-interview-artist-ken-lum/)<br>
  Observer, Feb 24, 2025<br>
  I connected with the Canadian-American artist to discuss his interest in defying institutional frameworks, the whitewashing of Asian American history and his approach to making public art.

### 2022
- Title: [Another Article Title 1](https://example.com)  
  Publication: Publication Name  
  Date: Month Day, Year  
  Summary: A brief summary of an article.

- Title: [Another Article Title 2](https://example.com)  
  Publication: Publication Name  
  Date: Month Day, Year  
  Summary: A brief summary of a different article.

### 2021
- Title: [Important Article Title 1](https://example.com)  
  Publication: Publication Name  
  Date: Month Day, Year  
  Summary: A brief summary of an important article.

- Title: [Important Article Title 2](https://example.com)  
  Publication: Publication Name  
  Date: Month Day, Year  
  Summary: A brief summary of another important article.


<!--
Publications
======
  <ul>{% for post in site.publications reversed %}
    {% include archive-single-cv.html %}
  {% endfor %}</ul>
-->
  
<!--
Talks
======
  <ul>{% for post in site.talks reversed %}
    {% include archive-single-talk-cv.html  %}
  {% endfor %}</ul>
-->
  
<!--
Teaching
======
  <ul>{% for post in site.teaching reversed %}
    {% include archive-single-cv.html %}
  {% endfor %}</ul>
-->
  
Service and leadership
======
* Member, Graduate Student Research Colloquium
  * Department East Asian Languages and Civilizations, University of Pennsylvania
  
* Department Representative
  * SASGov (School of Arts & Science Graduate Student Government), University of Pennsylvania

Commit message:

Update Observer articles journalism.md

_pages/journalism.md, after:

---
layout: archive
title: "Journalism Work"
permalink: /journalism/
author_profile: true

---

{% include base_path %}

## Full Publication Portfolio:

### 2025

- [Nine Must-See Art Exhibitions to Catch in Philadelphia This Spring](https://observer.com/2025/05/must-see-art-exhibitions-philadelphia-spring-2025/)  
  Observer, May 14, 2025<br>
  With Assyrian artifacts, contemporary Chinese art, controversy-inciting works by Cézanne and more, these standout shows channel the city’s rich, cross-cultural art scene.
  
- [Article Title 2](https://example.com)  
  Observer, May 13, 2025<br>
  A brief summary of another article.

- [How Painter Feng Xiao-Min Bridges Cultures With His Brush of Light](https://observer.com/2025/05/arts-interview-artist-feng-xiao-min/)  
  Observer, May 13, 2025<br>
  His solo show at Opera Gallery New York reveals how his Taoist-infused abstractions unite calligraphy and color-rich oil painting.

- [The Walters Art Museum Shines a Light On the Toxic History of Medieval Manuscripts](https://observer.com/2025/04/exhibition-review-if-books-could-kill-walters-art-museum/)  
  Observer, April 25, 2025<br>
  "If Books Could Kill" reveals the deadly history of manuscript production and the impact on bookmakers’—and readers'—health.

- [How Andrea Fraser Turned Institutional Critique Into a Lifelong Practice](https://observer.com/2025/04/arts-interview-artist-andrea-fraser-performance-art-installation/)  
  Observer, April 17, 2025<br>
  The artist reflected on the politics of making art, teaching with purpose and holding museums accountable in a spectacle-driven culture.

- [Laurent Martin “Lo” and the Art of Bending Nature Without Breaking It](https://observer.com/2025/04/art-interview-artist-laurent-martin-lo-celestial-equilibre-10-chancery-lane-gallery/)  
  Observer, April 1, 2025<br>
  The sculptor transforms bamboo into floating, kinetic sculptures that explore the delicate balance between movement and space.

- [Skepticism and Asian Voices in Art: An Interview With Ken Lum](https://observer.com/2025/02/arts-interview-artist-ken-lum/)<br>
  Observer, Feb 24, 2025<br>
  I connected with the Canadian-American artist to discuss his interest in defying institutional frameworks, the whitewashing of Asian American history and his approach to making public art.

### 2022
- Title: [Another Article Title 1](https://example.com)  
  Publication: Publication Name  
  Date: Month Day, Year  
  Summary: A brief summary of an article.

- Title: [Another Article Title 2](https://example.com)  
  Publication: Publication Name  
  Date: Month Day, Year  
  Summary: A brief summary of a different article.

### 2021
- Title: [Important Article Title 1](https://example.com)  
  Publication: Publication Name  
  Date: Month Day, Year  
  Summary: A brief summary of an important article.

- Title: [Important Article Title 2](https://example.com)  
  Publication: Publication Name  
  Date: Month Day, Year  
  Summary: A brief summary of another important article.


<!--
Publications
======
  <ul>{% for post in site.publications reversed %}
    {% include archive-single-cv.html %}
  {% endfor %}</ul>
-->
  
<!--
Talks
======
  <ul>{% for post in site.talks reversed %}
    {% include archive-single-talk-cv.html  %}
  {% endfor %}</ul>
-->
  
<!--
Teaching
======
  <ul>{% for post in site.teaching reversed %}
    {% include archive-single-cv.html %}
  {% endfor %}</ul>
-->
  
Service and leadership
======
* Member, Graduate Student Research Colloquium
  * Department East Asian Languages and Civilizations, University of Pennsylvania
  
* Department Representative
  * SASGov (School of Arts & Science Graduate Student Government), University of Pennsylvania
